Title: Container vs. Virtual Machines: An Survey on Latency Optimizations
Author: Yiyang Xie

Summary:
The topic of the paper is the optimization of virtualized environments to meet the URLLC requirements.
Specifically the latency optimization of containers and virtual machines are covered individually and compared.
The Requirements for URLLC are explained, the history of virtualization and its growing overall importance is demonstrated.
An introduction to the virtualization concepts VM and Containers is given, and they are compared.
The optimization parameters are explained and consecutively the available performance optimization steps for VMs are illustrated.
Finally, optimization potential for containers is displayed and the combination of containers and VMs is outlined.

Strengths of the paper:
This paper gives a good overview over the virtualization concepts of containers and VMs and how VMs can be optimized.
It uses supportive figures to explain the virtualization concepts.
It shows the parameters that can and need to be changed in order to improve latency in VMs.
Furthermore, it is well described how the quality of latency measurements are evaluated, what the challenges are and how to solve them.

Weaknesses of the paper:
The main weakness of the paper is that it is quite unspecific when it comes to the main topic - the optimization.
There is no section on available optimizations for Containers, if there are none this should be mentioned somewhere.
The same weakness applies to the "Potential Optimization" section, there is no potential optimization for VMs mentioned.
This makes it in the end very difficult to compare the two virtualization approaches when it comes to latency.
Generally there are many unspecific sections where evidence based on sources or numbers is missing, as marked in yellow directly in the paper.
In the Introduction it is mentioned that the scope of the paper is "to find virtualization solutions that support the URLLC service level" .
However, it remains unclear whether this is possible or not.
At the beginning of chapter 5 it is stated, that suggestions for potentially feasible latency optimizations are made.
In the end this is not clearly stated.
The use of figures and tables with specific numbers would support the explanations a lot.
Especially a figure displaying all the optimizations made on VMs and how they affect latency would be very helpful.

Questions to the author:
Is it possible to optimize a VM that far that it can be used for URLLC purposes?
What optimization possibilities are there for containers?
What are specific latency optimizations that should be considered in the future?

Correctness:
The naming of the sections is not clear for the second and third section.
Maybe it is possible to name them more specifically, my suggestions are in the annotated document.
Please have a look at the title casing, as marked in orange in the annotated document.
Please have a look at grammar and spelling mistakes.
Please have a look at the duplicate sources.

Overall feedback:
The paper gives a good overview of virtualization through containers and VMs as well as on the latency optimization metrics.
It lacks however a clear comparison of VMs and Containers when it comes to available optimizations and potential optimizations.
Overall it is presenting interesting latency optimization approaches.

Reviewer's confidence: 4
  5: (expert)
  4: (high)
  3: (medium)
  2: (low)
  1: (none)

Evaluation: 1
  2: accept
  1: weak accept
 -1: weak reject
 -2: reject

